# Stock-Price-Prediction

The aim of this project is implementation of neural networks with back propagation algorithm for stock market. Borrowing from biology, researchers are exploring neural networks, no algorithmic approach to information processing. A neural network is a powerful data-modelling tool that is able to capture and represent complex input/output relationships. The motivation for the development of neural network technology stemmed from the desire to develop an artificial system that could perform “intelligent" tasks similar to those performed by the human brain. Artificial Neural Networks are being counted as the wave of the future in computing. They are indeed self-learning mechanisms which don’t require the traditional skills of a programmer. Back propagation is one of the approaches to implement concept of neural networks.

Back propagation is a form of supervised learning for multi-layer nets. Error data at the output layer is back propagated to earlier ones, allowing incoming weights to these layers to be updated. It is most often used as training algorithm in current neural network applications. In this paper, we apply data mining technology to stock market in order to research the trend of price; it aims to predict the future trend of the stock market and the fluctuation of price. This paper points out the shortage that exists in current traditional statistical analysis in the stock, then makes use of BP neural network algorithm to predict the stock market by establishing a three-tier structure of the neural network, namely input layer, hidden layer and output layer. Finally, we get a better predictive model to improve forecast accuracy.

In the last few years, machine learning has become a very popular tool for analysing financial text data, with many promising results in stock price forecasting from financial news, a development with implications for the Ecient Markets Hypothesis (EMH) that underpins much economic theory. In this work, we explore recurrent neural networks with character-level language model pre-training for both intraday and interlay stock market forecasting. In terms of predicting directional changes in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index, both for individual companies and the overall index, we show that this technique is competitive with other state-of-the-art approaches.

